
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::ThemeCss - Posy plugin for Cascading Style Sheet themes


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.40'' of Posy::Plugin::ThemeCss.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin allows a visitor to choose which CSS layout they would like to
use when browsing your site, by checking a CGI parameter.

There are two variables filled in by this plugin that can be used within
your flavour files. The $flow_theme_css_display variable contains the
stylesheet link metatag for the currently selected CSS file. This variable
must be inserted into your head flavour file.

The second variable is $flow_theme_css_links which presents a list of all
the different CSS themes available on your site.

If you don't want to use the $flow_theme_css_links list for accessing your
various CSS themes, you can simply tack on the following CGI string to a
URL:

``?theme_css=theme_name'': where 'theme_name' is the name of the CSS theme.


==   Activation   ==

This plugin needs to be added to both the plugins list and the actions list.
It doesn't really matter where it is in the plugins list, just so long as
you also have the Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig plugin as well.

In the actions list, it needs to go somewhere after ``head_template'' and
before ``head_render'', since the config needs to have been read, and this
needs to set values before the head is rendered.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the data
directory.

This requires the Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig plugin (or equivalent), because
the configuration variables for this plugin are not simple string values; it
expects most of the config values to be in a hash at
$self->{config}->{theme_css}

There are two main config settings;

``theme_css_default''
The default CSS selection when none is specified. This is a separate value
because one might want to use a different default theme in a different part
of the site, so this enables one to just set this value without having to
set the others again.

``theme_css''
A hash containing the rest of the settings.

``themes''
This list defined the order of the labels that are shown in the list of CSS
themes set in $flow_theme_css_links Note that for every entry in this list,
there must be a corresponding entry in the files hash.

``files''
These are the (CSS) files associated with the CSS selections.

``param''
The name of the parameter to check for selecting CSS themes. (default:
theme_css)

Example config file:

        ---
        theme_css_default: Smooth
        theme_css:
          themes:
            - Smooth
            - Smooth2
            - Midnight
            - Blue2
            - Dark
            - Gold
          files:
            Smooth: '/styles/theme_default.css'
            Smooth2: '/styles/theme_alt.css'
            Midnight: '/styles/theme_midblu.css'
            Blue2: '/styles/theme_blue2.css'
            Dark: '/styles/theme_dark.css'
            Gold: '/styles/theme_gold.css'
          param: theme_css


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Posy::Plugin::TextTemplate
    Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

Based in part on the 'css' blosxom plugin by Eric Davis <edavis <at>
foobargeek <dot> com> http://www.foobargeek.com

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

